pkgversion (#807)
JuliaLang/Compat.jl: README.md

* `@something` and `@coalesce` as short-circuiting versions of `something` and `coalesce` ([#40729]) (since Compat 3.29)

> * `pkgversion` Return the version of the package that imported module ([#45607]) (since Compat 4.11)

Reviewer: Tweaking the README before merging.
```suggestion
* `pkgversion(m::Module)` returns the version of the package that loaded a given module ([#45607]) (since Compat 4.11)
```
